OK, so you were about to look at
a series of pictures that tell a
story. Imagine you were telling
the story to someone who cannot
see the pictures. I'm going to
ask you to describe what you see
and what is happening as you go
through the story.
This story, let me see and we
ask that you tell it in between
10 to 15 minutes, I'm going to
pull up the slides for the first
story there, right here.
So this story is approximate is
20 slides. When you're done
describing one page, you could
tell me to move on to the next
page and I will click through
the story.
OK, that sounds good and I will
put this in a present mode.
OK.
Great.
And you could start when you're
ready and I'll have a timer.
I'm not able to read this.
Oh.
Yeah, the print is very light,
you don't need to.
There's these are wordless
picture books. That's just
something about the author's
writing, like a acknowledgement.
So just describe the pictures
you see.
OK, great. So.
#START_quest I see a park bench
and a beautiful stone sculpture
of maybe a Roman God on the
entrance to the park. There's a
lamp and it's apparently raining
and it does look like it's fall.
Then the next photo is showing.
The entrance to the park and
there's there's a bridge, a
stone bridge over the entrance,
and there are two children,
maybe 10 or 12.
Inside there, waiting for the
rain to stop, it looks like and.
There's a bike with two seats.
Very nice bike.
And I could see another statue.
Oh, so there's a God and a
mermaid. It's definitely a City
Park. And then beyond that I see
another God, maybe Buddha,
sitting.
There's lamps and benches. It's
it looks like it's in a
beautiful city.
{OK.
Would you like me to?
Yes. OK. We can go forward.
Thanks.}
All righty. Oh, and the doors,
the wooden doors under that
bridge, which I saw but didn't
describe open and.
a very unusual.
Character comes out wearing a
crown and antique garments.
Showing a scroll with the scroll
unrolled, showing it to the boy
and the girl. Now I can see that
it's a boy and a girl.
And it looks as though.
A purple bird with a very long
tail has probably come out with
that king. Will call him the
king.
Fantasy King and.
From there we go.
To smaller ones, all right.
There we go, and.
The boy is reading the scroll
with the bird on his shoulder.
The king appears to be giving.
Something to the girl it's it's
an orange stick or something
like that. A wand, perhaps?
But then a knight of some kind
comes out and grabs the king. A
knight with a spear. Two knights
with Spears come out and grab
the king.
And take him back inside, but
the scroll, the wand and the
bird remain.
With the kids. So yeah, ready
for the next one.
And the door is shut.
Door's shut. Ohh, the girl's
wearing.
A belt, which could be the
King's belt, not too sure. Oh,
it's ammunition. She's got not
just the red, but the orange.
And then there's a purple.
So it looks as though there were
some kind of wands in the belt,
which she's wearing now.
The boy has the bird and the
scroll and one of them.
OK, so very interesting. She's.
Got ohh.
Keys. They find keys. OK, so
they each have a key. They each
have a key.
And they.
Acknowledge that the bird is
watching everything. He's very
intent. And lo and behold, the
keys unlock the door and they go
running through it.
OK. The next one.
Wow, they.
Come out into a Moat surrounding
a castle.
Huge castle and they can see
ahead of them a barge.
The beautiful.
Paddle wheel, a paddle wheel
barge.
It's an army barge full of
soldiers and they have the king
as prisoner.
There's a lot of activity in the
castles and.
There are very interesting.
Balloon type flying vehicles in
the air and it looks as though
it's in a mountain range and
with a flowing water into the
Moat.
Very interesting. OK, I should
can see the next one. Thanks.
Ohh, it turns out that they have
a map.
So they've gotten in there
without being detected. The boy
and the girl with the bird and
the map.
And there's a close up of the
map.
And it looks as though
They're in the castle.
Wow, very complex.
Looks OK. The next one.
The boy and the girl are hiding
to keep from being detected.
And there are.
Boats with soldiers in them and
I think they're searching.
For the boy and the girl and the
bird.
They think they may be under a
waterfall.
Alright.
Somehow they have flippers
swimming flippers on and they've
decided the way to survive this
predicament is to dive into the
water and the bird goes with
them.
Oh, no, there's an octopus. Oh,
yes, the bird. There's an
octopus. OK, I'm ready. Thanks.
Yeah, there's an octopus that's
come.
An octopus or a ray of some kind
and all of a sudden they don't
just have flippers on, they've
got their their divers' helmets.
Bird has some swimming equipment
too.
They're in an underwater city, a
very ornate city.
OK, next one.
Yes, so they found.
An altar
in a little sunken temple area,
I'm guessing.
And they're using their wand.
Girl is using her wand.
Putting it on that.
On that spot, meanwhile.
Down come the guards, and
they're equipped for swimming
underwater too, so they've got
to stay ahead of things. But
they're grasping the octopus's.
That is an octopus that looks
like the octopus's.
Tail ends, or whatever you call
those things and they are using
the map.
OK.
Ok they come out on a tropical
island full of palm trees and it
was exactly where they intended
to go.
Evidently it's one of the stops
on their map.
And they're.
drawing in some way, they're
drawing.
Something or other map is
clutched. They're keeping
everything.
That's val of value and the bird
is still with them, OK.
I can see the next one please.
Yeah, OK, they've drawn. I don't
understand why they were
drawing.
But Oh yeah, I do. They drew
themselves a rhinoceros.
To be their transportation on
this island.
And it's a remarkable looking
place with some very ancient
buildings on it.
A lot of palm trees and some
kind of an aqueduct maybe? I'm
not sure what.
OK, next one.
Oh, it's a walkway.
To a tower of some kind in the
Bay.
It's almost a lighthouse.
There's a light on its tower.
The birds showing them the way
it looks like.
Thanks. We can go to the next
one.
OK, so they reach the tower and
the soldiers are coming after
them.
And they continue to draw what
they need, apparently.
Uh
Next one.
Oh gosh. Oh, they draw a swing.
Which almost gets them captured.
Bird is turned into a.
Dragonfly.
Oh no, no, a dragon. The
dragonfly. OK, a dragonfly is
their swing.
And it takes them to another
location. They're managing to
stay ahead of the soldiers who
are now are in those flying
vehicles.
And they have their belt with
all their tools in it.
They go from one top to another.
Thanks. OK, so now they're.
They're being approached by the
soldiers.
in a number of flying vessels.
Ornate.
Ornate destination. They're on
the Spire again, OK.
Next.
Oh
And a rainbow appears.
It's flown out of the belt they
were carrying.
Each of those wands has created
a color bridge in the rainbow.
Just as the soldiers are coming
in closer and look like they
could be captured.
OK, next one.
Rainbow. What the heck are they?
I'm losing sight of the boy and
the girl.
On the rainbow I see the bird.
Hmm. OK, I think I see the boy
and girl better go to the next
page. They've landed in a boat.
Yeah, their rhino is in the
boat. Rhino is in the boat.
City. They've arrived in the
city that maybe that appears to
be welcoming them.
Very interesting. The bird is
still with them. All their sav
their savior animals are purple:
the quetzal bird, that's what I
think it is, the octopus and the
rhinoceros. Very interesting.
And they're in a parade. All
right. Do they're they're being
greeted. Thanks.
Oh, it's the king. He's welcomed
them.
To this.
This new city.
And he's thanking them.
He's giving them crowns and
thanking them.
And they're heading back through
the doorway.
OK. And?
The rainbow ahead of them as
they leave the tunnel into the
park where they started.
They're still accompanied by the
bird and they're wearing their
crowns, carrying their tools.
#END_quest
OK.
The slideshow. Click to exit.
OK, so that was an example of
like what the stories are like.
Let's see what you have next.
OK, next we actually have a
complex scene. I'll pull up.
The directions for complex
scene.
OK.
OK, so you are about to see a
complex scene. Imagine you are
describing the scene to someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what is happening and
what you see in this scene as
thoroughly as possible, and for
scenes it's a little shorter. So
it's around three to five
minutes. And now I will.
Pull up the scene.
So.
Did I do 10 minutes in the last
one? Yeah, you did. Yeah. It was
very timely. I'm very impressed.
That's good to know, and then
I'll put this in a.
Present mode OK can you see my
screen?
And I wish I were on a laptop.
I've got my iPad.
#START_wild_west So Yep, I can
see it. It's a wild, Wild West.
Alright, so.
Who would have known the wild
Wild West was so heavily
populated?
And as we know.
There are saloons and hotels and
jails.
It looks as though the Pioneer
saloon may be the most famous.
There's a livery unstable.
So there's.
a livery, of course, there has
to be places for all these.
Characters, and there are
hundreds of them in this photo.
There has to be places for them
to store their horses while
they're in town.
{I can't quite read. OK, here we
go. Wild, wild, west yeehaw,
Waldo watchers. Oh, it's where?
Where's Waldo?
Have you ever seen such a wild,
wild Western? Here comes the
wagon train. Ohh gosh. Steaming
into town. The gold rush. It's a
gold rush. Oh my gosh. Of
course. That's why there's so
many people. This is taking
place in Northern California in
1849 forward. And it's
interesting because my birthday
was 1949 and my grandfather
wrote a poem about the Wild,
Wild West and the gold rush when
I was born.} Oh, and there are.
Umm.
Buffalo stamps or something or
other so Buffalo.
Were the most classic American
animal at that point. So they're
being represented there in some
way. Saloon. Saloon. Hotel,
hotel, it looks. Oh, there's
gunshots. You can see that's
happening. I haven't found Waldo
yet because I don't remember
exactly what he looks like. Oh,
there he is. He's got the
striped hat. OK, I'm looking for
Waldo. There's so many
gatherings. There's a lot of.
Maids and Cowboys galore.
It's madness, but people seem to
be.
Very intent on doing whatever
and they're.
Umm.
Using ladders to get to this
complex one layer to another in
this complex town.
I
You know that I'm supposed to be
finding Waldo.
And it would be very interesting
to see what part of this crazy
gold Rush town.
He's decided to.
hide in.
Hold up.
A lot of guns drawn, train's
come into town.
That he's somewhere near the
Buffalo stamps.
{Do I need to find Waldo? You
know, just describe what you
see.}
And it looks like there's a
whole lot of drinking going on.
Everyone's in from the mind.
#END_wild_west Yep, that's it.
Perfect.
Click to exit.
OK, next we have. Let me check.
Next, we have another short
story.
I'm gonna share my screen.
OK, so this is approximately.
Five slides describe what you
see in like. Let me know when to
move on.
Alrighty, there's.
#START_arrival_1 There's a
photo, I'm guessing, an old
photo. It could be a painting on
a hanging on a wall of the.
A mother, a father, and a young
girl. And then the hand comes in
to take it off the wall. Oh my
goodness. And it's getting
wrapped in fabric for protection
in paper.
And it's being wrapped and then
tied securely with a string.
Into a bow.
And it looks as though it's
being put into a suitcase. Oh
yeah, it's being put into a
suitcase. So.
Someone is moving and they're
taking a precious photo with
them.
Carefully.
Tying things up. I don't
understand the lower left photo
where it looks like they're
pulling some kind of a string
through. Oh no, they're
tightening the belt on the
suitcase.
And then?
Maybe meditating a little bit.
On the fact that something very
precious is in the suitcase and
that a move is underway.
That's what I'm seeing from
those, Megan.
Oh my goodness. OK.
Yep, there we go. So.
In the large picture I can see.
Mother and father.
Holding hands there.
And moved by what they're doing,
and they're pausing.
I'm curious.
They're about to have tea, I
think, because the teapot has
steam coming out of it.
And there's a beautiful little
child's drawing of the
photograph. Now I can see that
it is a photograph.
It looks as though maybe the
child has passed away. Oh my
gosh, how sad.
And there's a they're showing
more views of the house where
they all live. Yes, that child's
drawing of that photo is over
the mantle.
Of the house.
Yeah, there's a sadness.
And it looks as though they're
they have tickets to go on a
steamer I bet they're coming to
the USA from.
From Europe back in the turn of
the century.
Yeah.
OK, that's all I've got for
that.
Oh, Oh my goodness. All right,
so that's exactly what they're
doing. And luckily the child is
alive and well and she's waking
up.
Having some cereal, having some
breakfast and they're all
getting dressed in their coats
and warm garments, boots.
And leaving their home.
There's kind of a remarkable
Dragon's tail shadow on the
House as they leave it.
I don't quite know why, and
they're heading out to the
unknown as far as I can tell.
OK.
Yeah, my goodness. So here.
There's a beautiful little bit
There's a little bit of a bird
sculpture that was probably made
by the girl out of paper it
looks like and.
She's holding it then saying
goodbye to the dad.
Maybe he's putting the bird
under his hat. Yep, Yep, there's
the train.
The mother is crying.
Yeah, both the mother... the
dad's getting on the train with
that suitcase that they packed
with the photo of the three of
them in it.
They're all saying goodbye and
the train's going off. Oh my
goodness.
Yep, off into the distance.
OK.
And now we're seeing that photo
again. So he's arrived at his
destination and he unpacks.
Has a bowl of soup.
Fondly looking at the photo of
all of them. Oh, he's on it.
Yeah, that's it. He's in a
steamer.
Probably crossing the Atlantic.
Adding to the new world.
Interesting. OK. #END_arrival_1
OK, perfect.
That one.
Let's see what we have next.
OK, next we have another.
Um, complex scene.
Pull it up.
Yeah, very evocative scenes.
Ohh let me share my screen.
Ohh wait.
Yeah, OK. I'm gonna share.
And this, like before, this is a
complex scene, so three to five
minutes to describe what you
see.
OK, great.
#START_by_the_lake Yeah, it's
amazing how many people are here
and.
Here in a setting it's a lake,
and it looks like it's in
northern Europe because there
are castles on the shores of the
lake. Beautiful rocky coastline.
Big Manor houses.
uh, which are probably modern
summer houses, the stairs down
to the water. And there are
people boating and swimming and.
Just having a great time. Flying
kites. There are beach
umbrellas, so making sand
castles. The dogs are in the
midst of everything.
There are some people are
wearing life preservers out in
their boats.
There's a kayak, which I'd like
to be in. Been kayaking enough
this summer. Little sailboats
from. Oh my gosh, there's some
of the dragon boats.
{A lot of that are popular in
China and sometimes we see over
here in the cities.
Dragon boat races.} The beach is
really pretty wide, so at the
bottom of the picture there's a
beach.
People are just having a great
time playing beach volleyball. I
don't know if it's at the
Olympic level or not.
I can see.
There's a guy and a girl holding
hands and smiling, smiling at
each other. It's lovely. People
with hats, people with fishing
Nets.
And air mattresses. So yeah,
summer madness. And it's in a
beautiful setting.
Hang gliders, hang gliders to.
Yeah, it's it's summer madness.
{Ohh can you pick out two all 10
peg Penguins? Oh good Lord.
I haven't seen a Penguin yet.
So I didn't bother read that
until now. Megan, should I go?
Should I go farther or are we
good?
You could explain just a a
little bit more what you see.
Just a little bit, yeah. So
yeah, looking for Penguins, it
says.
In the pad, so.}
I see scuba divers.
{Penguins are usually not in
this kind of setting. It doesn't
look that far north, but we just
have to expect that. Maybe it
is.}
I see people biking. It's it's a
summer resort.
And it's so well, you know, like
populated. People have obviously
congregated there and.
And I think they're, they're
probably going to be spending
the entire week there from what
I can see. I see coolers and all
that. People are quite well
behaved considering how crowded
it is.
And I still haven't seen a
Penguin. #END_by_the_lake
I give up.
Sure, you're good. OK, let's see
what we have.
Next. OK, so that was.
Ohio Lake OK, Next we have
another.
Complex scene.
OK, I'm gonna share my screen
again.
This is another complex scene
and I will put it in a
presenting mode.
OK, so whenever you're ready.
OK, great.
#START_waldo_1 This is a city
scene, and again it looks to be
European.
Because the.
The city blocks. The housing on
the city blocks are.
No higher than three stories
tall. And so it's it's like an
older an older setting and.
There's a beautiful triangular
square with a fountain.
Here and.
Older cars, they do look like
foreign cars, they're smaller.
There's definitely a Volkswagen
bug and maybe a Peugeot, that
kind of thing.
And there's some kind of a
celebration going on because
there are striped colored
awnings here in the front. Oh,
it's a marketplace, beautiful
marketplace. So this is Europe.
From the looks of it, {that's
one of the nicest aspects of
Europe and.
There are there weekend
markets.} Sometimes every day I
can see a fire engine, nice and
handy if it were ever needed in
the police station.
Look, there's been some kind of
an altercation in the top there.
A bicyclist, maybe or two, have
fallen off their bikes, and it
looks as though people are
running.
There's a school crossing guard
and little kids leaving their
school building being guided
across the street. I can see a
bus.
There is a very messy garage
situation.
I don't know what that is all
about. Carport and.
It's a very busy place. People
know just what they're doing.
It looks like there's some
mischief going on, not a lot.
The I haven't got great clarity
here on the photos, I mean of on
the drawing on my screen,
because there's something going
on near the center here on the
rooftop, people coming out of
the dormers and running around
the roof. So I don't know if if
they're burglars or what they
might be up to.
But it's pretty charming. I'd
love to drop in for a couple of
hours.
{Is there anything else you
should I go tell, look, try to
tell you more. Just a little bit
more. Yeah, little bit more.}
OK. So on another rooftop I can
see some workmen setting up a TV
antenna or an antenna of some
kind. So I'm guessing it's a TV.
And.
Let's see.
Then there's a really strange
little top of the building at
the just left of center. It
looks like two men in some kind
of costume are having.
A jousting match. I know what
that's all about. They're
wearing overalls.
There are several of. There are
maybe four of those.
People up there? Oh, oh, there's
a ladder heading up. I don't
know what they're up to.
Sorry to say.
But it doesn't seem to be
bothering anyone in any other
area of that building. They're
going about their business. Oh,
there's a man standing on a bus
like I can't imagine why over in
the far left. #END_waldo_1
I still haven't seen Waldo. I
know. I'm like looking also. You
too. Yeah. Also can't find him.
Interesting.
Uh, let's see what we have next.
So.
OK, we have another short story.
OK, so this one is 3 slides.
Same thing as before when you
finish one slide.
You tell me to move on, OK?
#START_arrival_2 OK, great. So
OK, this looks like it's a scene
from inside the the sailing ship
now that's carrying the father,
husband and father of this
family. And there are women
sitting with their heads
covered, men sitting in another
area. There's one woman with a
baby.
And the father
Seems to be writing in a
journal.
It's interesting that he's been
able to bring that along with
him.
And.
And he's tearing out a page from
the journal.
And making a bird just like the
one his daughter gave him.
Very nice. And he holds it up.
How interesting. Maybe this is
something a lot of people have
done.
and
he is
Looking behind him, I can't
imagine why he's getting up. And
on the next page.
He's looking up into the sky and
it.
It's showing.
Just a whole flock of birds
looking a lot like those paper
birds that they've been folding
flying over the arriving ship.
Well, maybe the ship is still
underway and and the passengers
are out all remarking and
watching these this flock of
birds.
Very interesting.
On the deck of the ship. Yep.
OK, I can see the next page,
please. K. Oh And here comes
that ship into New York Harbor.
It looks like from a distance,
however.
As you see a close up of these
statues.
They're very unusual, looks more
like it's gone somewhere in
Asia.
It's got some mythic statues
shaking hands or holding hands
across.
Across the water, maybe making a
bit of a bridge thing there.
With some mythic animals perched
on their arm and on a on the
back.
No.
Very interesting.
Arrival, definitely arrival. The
father is on the ship and it's
arriving at a harbor.
OK, I guess the next one now
please. Mammoth ship, absolutely
mammoth. OK. And
See that on the left. And then
the father is in a crowd and
they're being told where to go
and some gates are opening for
them. He's carrying his
suitcase.
Amongst the throng of people and
they're waiting in a line,
they've exited the boat and
they're waiting on the on the
pier, I'd say. #END_arrival_2
OK, go to the next one.
That's the end of that one. OK,
so we are halfway through our
session today if you wanted to
take a 2 to 3 minute break if
you needed to grab water or
anything if not.
Like.
Yeah.
Let me just get a little Oh no,
I'm fine. I'm fine. I've got my
teeth.
You wanna break? So Megan. Ohh
no I'm good. So I'm going to
pull up the next one. Our next
one is.
Also a short story.
Let me pull it up.
OK, so this one is.
Approximately 20 slides. Um,
same thing as before, whenever.
Um, you want me to? I will.
Progress with the story.
OK.
#START_journey So the story is
beginning here and says for
Josephine.
And it looks as though we've got
the same characters, the boy and
the girl that were in the last
one.
And they're in. They're in the
city again.
And the boy's got one of those
wands in his hand, and the girls
sitting looking dejected or sad
on her step. And there's a
scooter. A red scooter. Color
seems to be symbolic in this
series of stories. She's sitting
on the front stoop of an
apartment building, and I can
see her mom and her dad, I'm
guessing.
And maybe a sister, unless it's
actually her her inside the
house. We can even see the
basement and the and the sewers
under the street. So it's a real
cross section of the city at
this point. Thanks.
So now we see she's brought the
scooter inside and they're in.
Their kitchen. Her mom's.
Speaking on very old-fashioned
phone while cooking.
And it looks as though the
girl's busy at the counter.
Her red scooter's.
Leaning against the counter, she
apparently leaves it there and
now has a red kite, and these
things are probably significant.
And she's looking over her dad's
shoulder as he works at the
computer.
Both her mom and her dad are
busy and they're not paying her
any attention, OK. And now she's
trying to get her older sister's
attention, sister's sprawled on
the couch and she's busy with
something or rather, I can't
quite tell what. And the girls
got something else red, which
might be a balloon? I can't
quite tell.
She realizes everyone else is
busy. She goes up to her room
and it looks as though she's
taking a nap.
On her bed, with the cat curled
up on the floor near her, I can
see the city out the outer
window.
And a map of the world.
So.
Cat wakes up. So does she.
And her red wand is on the floor
with some papers, and she gets
up and uses that red wand to
draw. If these are magic wands,
aren't they?
She's drawing a portal on her
door, on her wall, and it
becomes a doorway and she dashes
through.
And the red door opens onto a
beautiful forested park with
lanterns hanging ornate
lanterns.
And lights all through.
I don't see anyone else but her
at the moment.
There's something in the
distance I can't make it out.
Looks like a table or or bench
or something.
OK, there it is. Oh.
It's a pier a little pier that
extends out into.
Brook or river? Small river
tributary.
She.
Bins over the end of the pier
and draws herself a little, a
little boat and takes off in the
boat. Everything, everything
that liberates her is red.
K we can go on from there.
Oh my gosh. And now she's
approaching a castle. And it
looks like the castle that she
and the young boy were visiting
before. I remember those those
gold turrets.
Round turrets on some of the
upper parts of the building.
And there's a windmill in the
distance, a body of water coming
in, forming the moat around the
castle, and she is heading in
her little boat directly into
the castle entrance.
I don't see any other people. Oh
yes, I do a couple of them in a
boat.
In a boat.
OK, we can go to the next one.
So remarkable series of canals
here, on all different levels.
And this little girl is being
greeted by everyone. So this is
the friendly city.
And then she has the soldiers in
there, in uniforms waving to her
and guiding her onward, it looks
like.
There's a series of locks.
In a very primitive castle, it's
pretty interesting.
Other people in boats.
That are standing up and using
the Poles to navigate. I see a
fish on top of a turret. There's
not a lot else going on besides
people in boats and in the.
And the and the soldiers or the
police or something helping her
find her way.
And a waterfall. OK, we can go
on.
And she.
Approaches the waterfall in her
boat.
Draws herself, drawing herself
1/2 circle in the sky.
She's heading around from one
side to the other and the boat
just falls away from her.
I don't know where she's going,
but we should look at the next
one.
Yep, it becomes a balloon with a
little little.
Carriage.
Suspended from it.
And she's waving goodbye. It's a
really friendly city, so I don't
know why she wants to leave it,
but she is. Off she goes. And we
can see on the next page the
beautiful purple quetzal bird
with the tail. I think that's
what birds with tails are
called, like the ones in Central
America, the beautiful purple
tailed bird.
Is in the distance and some of
those.
That's really interesting,
flying boats.
One with two chimneys.
I don't know where they're
going.
Go to the next one.
And a close up of her in the
balloon.
And.
Looks as though.
In one of the one of those.
Those dirigibles is what they
were called in the old days. Ohh
gosh, it looks as though there's
someone in.
King's outfit or whatever.
That's.
Pointing a gun, perhaps, but
even more threatening is.
Someone with a net trying to
catch her bird, and she could
see that happening from a
distance. She has her red wand
in her hand, but she doesn't
know what to paint next yet.
And there's those crazy flying
machines. You know, the ornate
ones in the distance, too.
OK, we should go to the next
one.
So, all right, she is. Where did
the bird go?
Oh, the bird's been captured.
Darn. Alright, and he's in a
cage.
And on one of the upper decks,
the platforms of this ornate
flying machine, that's a steam
machine, from the looks of it,
it's actually got steam coming
out of it. Just two chimneys.
It's kind of a paddle wheel.
boat.
And there are smaller versions
of them around. She's following
it in her.
Big red balloon I can't believe
she's not being.
Being captured or whatever, but
she's just observing for now.
And it's making its way. They're
quite high up in the sky because
they're really above the first
layer of clouds, it looks like.
Sky is blue otherwise.
And there's a gold firebird
attached to this Firebird
platform attached to that ornate
flying machine. Don't know why
yet.
OK. We can go to the next one,
Megan. Thanks.
Oh, there we go. There's a close
up and she's oh OK. So that's
where the birds being kept on
that platform and looks as
though.
They prize these birds and.
They've got him there.
Being guarded by two soldiers.
While she comes up a ladder
behind them with her red wand,
ready to Draw Something, I'm
sure.
We should go to the next one and
hopefully find out.
Wow. She steals the bird right
off the pedestal.
And she's running with it.
OK, she gets to the end of the
boat.
Extended platform and lets the
bird go off into the sky.
Meanwhile, her red wand is
sitting on.
The floor of this area and and
there are soldiers running
towards her. I hope she can get
it and we'll see.
Nope. It goes flying off and
she's been grabbed. That's her
magic portal that she.
Creates, you know, exits and
entrances with those things. So
she's she's been captured and
they've got her in a cage and
they're suspending her below the
flying machine. She looks like
she's trapped.
Ohh dear.
All right, we should look at the
next one.
Oh, the bird.
has captured he's caught her red
wand, and he's heading for her
in her her little suspended jail
there. Oh my gosh. That
beautiful bird is sitting on her
shoulder while she draws a
rectangle, maybe. I'm not quite
sure. The bird's paying
attention.
What are they gonna do next?
Oh, magic carpet. Fantastic. So.
She seems right at home on her
magic carpet and there's an
absolutely beautiful view of
that, you know, Royal City down
below. She's following the bird
who seems to have turned white.
It might just be the time of day
and, you know, light reflecting
off of it.
But they're off on a mission
somewhere. I have no idea what
they're up to.
OK, she's following the bird and
now it's night time and the sky
is full of stars.
They're heading back to that
wild tropical island, maybe
because we can see one palm
tree.
And they only had to Oh my gosh,
look at that.
So they've landed, and there's a
doorway.
At the foot of the pie palm
tree, the bird is waiting there
for her. He's arrived ahead and.
It's a purple door, the same
shade as bird, and they both go
in.
And they come out in the city.
Ohh my gosh. And she arrives out
of what looks like a mailbox and
that's her door back into her
city reality. She's brought the
purple bird to her friend, her
original travel buddy.
And he's got his purple wand,
and the three of them are
together.
at last again.
But they're not finished.
They're busy drawing a red
circle and a purple circle. Gosh
only knows what's going to
happen next.
Oh the bicycle, that's the two.
That's two person, 2 wheel
color, two colored wheels.
Bicycle. That was in the very
first page of this story. And
off they go, racing with the
bird behind them. #END_journey
I'm going to have to get this
book.
Yeah, the art is so pretty.
It is charming. Really charming.
Next is a complex scene.
Birthday party fun. Oh my gosh.
Right, OK, so this is just a
scene, so describe what you see.
#START_birthday_party_fun So
it's a fun birthday party for
sure. And they have one of those
blow up inflatable castles with
people having the greatest time.
They're in crocodile costumes,
witch's costumes.
Dragon costumes, Bunny, teddy
bear, bat costumes.
And.
There there are some.
Ghostly kind of Halloween
characters up there too, Uh
elephant, someone in a Penguin,
and a lion and zebra costume.
As well, everyone's having a
great time and they're thronging
here. There are some clowns.
Superman.
They have. No, I haven't seen
Waldo yet. There's a robber
character.
So it seems to be a big costume
party. That's the kind of
birthday party fun that they're
having. There are costumes
throughout this entire party and
it's taking place inside a
fenced in area.
Grassy.
Inside there with a few nice
trees from the looks of it.
People are very busy. There's an
inflatable pool.
There is.
Oh, beautiful. Maybe.
Six layer birthday cake pink.
And there's lots of food on this
table. There are balloons, not
too too many, but there's.
One set, two sets of balloons
that I can see well, haven't
figured out whose birthday it is
yet for someone in the
strawberry outfit, Tarzan
outfit.
Ohh someone in a blindfold with
oh they have a piñata.
Going oh, here comes the
birthday cake. Now I see it. So
the birthday cakes being carried
to the table.
And it's got pink frosting on
two, maybe three very fat
layers.
And.
I hope they can get everyone's
attention when it's time for the
birthday cake, because you can
tell it's just kind of chaotic.
Scene here but everyone's
Having.
A good time they seem to be
getting.
Doing exactly what they came
for: partying.
{Yeah, no Waldo yet.
Waldo seems to have taken Friday
evening off. This one I don't
think has Waldo. I think it's
all different. It has.
Yeah, this one's not a worsfold.
Great. Thanks.}
Oh, I see the mom and the dad, I
think. #END_birthday_party_fun
OK, perfect.
OK, next one is a short story.
This one has four slides.
OK. You could begin when you're
ready and then tell me when to
move on to the next slide.
#START_arrival_5 Alrighty, so.
This is very interesting.
Village hillside and it's it's
mythic. There's what looks like.
Guardian.
Birds, owl like birds.
Statues. Big, you know,
Brick or whatever commemorative
statues up on the hill. And
there's flocks and flocks of
birds swarming around.
Ohh my goodness, this is
actually there's a canal, many
many boats, so it almost looks
like Venice in the hills.
And.
That's the first picture I'm
looking at. Now.
Trying to see what's happening
exactly. It looks like someone's
maybe tied up their boat to
this. Interesting.
Interesting.
It appears.
And it appears that it's the
father.
On his journey still and he's
arrived somewhere, he's being
greeted and shown where to go.
There is that Dragon character,
I think the shadow of the tail
that we saw on the House he was
leaving, where he left his wife
and daughter, appears to show up
here in the upper right corner.
So the drawing and then the next
one too, but.
So there were people in this
city. He's dressed in dark, and
they're all light, and they're.
They're very lovely people.
They're welcoming him. It's
appears to be a family.
People getting together and
they're toasting his arrival.
So they've been waiting for him
to arrive. It looks like.
It's got there. There's some
very unusual vegetables or
fruits that are being prepared
and.
guess they'll be eating them. I
don't know what's going to come
of that.
OK. Is there another another
page? Oh, yeah, there we go.
Yep, they're having a feast.
Wow. Very exotic.
Dinner that they're having and
there's.
Fascinating lights in this home.
They are very otherworldly, kind
of dreamlike.
Everyone's drinking wine and
laughing and eating and they're
very good mood. And then playing
music after dinner with
instruments.
There are also kind of fantasy.
Versions of instruments that we
use, there's an accordion with
all kinds of little.
Trumpet.
Additions to it and a woman
paying playing a flute that's
got a curved end that's really
looks a lot like the city that
they're living in.
The boy's playing a banjo of
sorts and now the.
The fantasy animals are showing
up. I suppose that's cat house
cat and the dad is now making a
paper version, an origami
version of the cat.
And gives it to, I think, the
son, who's wearing a hat for a
moment.
And they've got.
A very special kind of urn that
they've just taken out of the
cupboard. Looks like they're
offering it to the traveler. I
don't know why.
We can go to the next one.
Yeah, there's that urn. It's
being set down.
In a
An area that's lit.
The traveler is sleeping, but.
Turtle kind of thing. Maybe some
kind of a strange animal is
coming up to him in the night.
Ohh my gosh, I don't know. He's
gonna eat it or no. He's made
cutting of fruit, so he's
getting dressed, putting on his
shirt. He's cutting a piece of
fruit which almost looked like
that cat.
And he's feeding the cat.
And the cat.
That crazy cat is bringing him
his hat. So he's being.
Sent on his way.
OK.
He's out walking with this cat
is accompanying him and he's
walking on the street. Some
other people have are being
accompanied by animals and he
goes to a door and a man in kind
of an Asian costume wearing
something that almost looks like
a crown, but a very fancy hat
is.
Greeting him at the door, he's
headed inside.
Whoops, something's happening.
{Ohh I sorry I didn't see that
first.
Couldn't do the whole left page
first I went across the top.}
So yeah, there's some kind of
altercation there, but then.
That calms down. There's a man
in a Mexican hat and I don't
know what he's doing. Feeding
fish, maybe.
Definitely a fantasy world.
Very interesting scenes.
Yeah, he's being greeted.
Talk to it's not. He's not
really being welcomed, but he's
getting directions, I think from
a variety of people. Ohh, there
you go. And they've led him to
what looks like some
transportation. Whether it's
going to be air or water, I
don't know, but you can see a
propeller. #END_arrival_5
To go to the next one.
Ohh.
Except for that one. Let me see
what we have.
Next. OK, Next is a complex
scene.
Complex is right.
Here.
OK.
There you go so Just describe
what you see in this scene and I
will set a timer.
OK.
#START_campsite OK, so here we
are again. And people seem to be
amusing themselves. They're,
they're in a beautiful area.
Interesting. There's a waterway
and there's, there's.
A couple of boats, not a lot,
but Oh my gosh, yeah, it's a
trailer park. There's a tent
area.
There I think it's a Boy Scout
troop over on the right, upper
right area corner.
People do a lot of vacationing
in these, these photos. There's.
Horses or.
Donkeys.
Maybe there?
There.
I see it
So funny, there's hikers that
are.
Making it look as though they're
going up a mountain, but they
aren't.
They may be practicing hiking.
They have their backpacks on and
their staff, and they're
following this walkway.
Which leads to the river.
A lot of people walking just
kind of sightseeing.
Sure, there's a lot of activity
in and around tents.
tents.
Some people are wearing uniforms
you can see.
Few people in a particular group
dressed in the same kind of way.
There's a tent being set up.
There's
People gathering and eating.
Yeah, a lot of people with.
It appeared to be hikers.
in all these different areas.
I love the caravan area where
they have the campers. They're
really charming with the.
Vehicles, campers, right. Little
trailers. I don't know how they
got there because there are no
cars being shown, but they're in
place and people are like
evidently staying in them.
You can see the in the distance
that there are hills and trees.
It's a very pretty natural area.
And it looks as though it's all
manicured, because maybe it's in
a farming area. There are
rectangles bordered by shrubs
and trees of different kinds.
Openness in the middle of it.
See a unicycle.
And a couple of bikes in the
upper right hand corner.
There's a man fishing. There
are.
People biking in the center and
one biker in the center.
Oh yeah, so there's a really
beautiful roadway that borders
this canal.
People though are walking and
enjoying.
Taking in the entire area,
{saying wake up Waldo. Friends,
have you ever seen mermaids?}
Yep, I see two mermaids out
there. The blondes near the man
who's fishing. {We're seeing
mermaids in a canal or flowers
painted all over a tent}. There
is the flower tent.
{Or a line of hikers winding
along the country lanes I have
today. It was just amazing.} OK,
they're hikers. It's not that
they're heading for the
mountains, they're just hiking,
even though they have staffs,
but just to make them stronger.
So, so Yep, Yep. #END_campsite
OK, perfect. See.
Let me see what's next.
OK, we have another complex
scene.
OK.
You could start whenever you're
ready.
OK.
#START_picture_this Picture
this.
{Phew look at all these framed
portraits.
Although they may be colored
differently, some of these are
characters.
I have met and on my other
travels.}
So yeah, it's an amazing.
Group of what looks like the
kind of things you put on your
refrigerator. Looks like there's
a massive refrigerator here with
all kinds of.
Photos of.
Places.
Perhaps, but definitely more
people and.
Animals.
Like even a robot in one of them
I'm seeing.
Little hippo and.
They're interesting, all right.
They're each of them is framed
in little brown. Not wood,
probably, but painted frame or
something like that.
And sumo wrestlers.
Bags of money and.
Fish with legs.
It's just there are a lot of
fantasy characters, sort of
magical hobbits with pointed
hats.
from the looks of it.
There's one tree visible.
It's not Waldo, but someones
leaning against a tree.
Otherwise it's more close-ups of
people and.
And a few animals with them.
To say there's a variety of
character here, characters here
is one of the greatest
understatements.
Because.
They're all kind of crazy.
There's a stick figure. It
almost looks like a cactus
running.
Personification of a cactus.
The clarity on this photo is not
great, but I see Knights and
Cavemen.
And.
A Unicorn? No, no. Some kind of
a dragon.
Horse that's thinking.
Bear tapping a guy on the
shoulder.
Hand, very unusual hand on the
right hand side of this thing
here. Fingers are look like
they've got some kind of a a
condition.
Glad I don't have that. There's
a man in the center.
His eyes crossed, startled about
something.
There's a knight from the court
of King Arthur.
There's a.
King with a very.
Wild looking hat in upper left.
There are sumo wrestlers. I
think I might have said that
before already.
Yeah, I think I'm going to be
dreaming some of these insane
scenes.
There's a lot of raw material
here. #END_picture_this
OK, let's.
It's kind of overstimulating I
don't understand. I've never
known anyone who had aphasia,
but I can only imagine it would
be very confusing.
To try to sort out what was in
that last frame.
Yeah, there's a lot going on,
yeah.
OK, next we have another complex
scene.
Let me.
So this is also a scene so like
before.
Just take 3 to 5 minutes to
describe it.
OK, I should really have a
laptop for this.
#START_exhibit_12 It's very hard
to make it out, it's just a
massive people.
Great portrait exhibition. Oh,
how interesting. OK, so.
What we're seeing is a portrait
exhibition, probably in a
museum, and it has three levels
from what I can judge here. I
can see the stairways.
And people must have been
waiting for a very long time for
this to come because it's come
out in throngs to see this, this
grouping of portraits.
There are.
Some of the most unusual.
Unusually dressed people you can
imagine.
Every variety and ethnicity.
And from all the different
centuries, from the look of it.
So it's.
It's a historical.
Mishmash.
As well.
On the far left middle, it looks
like they're still putting up
one of the portraits, so even
though this is an exhibition.
The exhibit is not quite
finished yet. There
There's a Workman on a ladder.
Two workmen in overalls on a
ladder.
Finishing hanging things Ohh and
over on the the right at that
same level it looks as though
either.
Nope, Nope. It looks as though
some portraits are being stolen.
By people acting up in the
crowd.
Crowd is so massive that they're
probably going to get away with
it.
And it almost looks like.
Family portraits at the upper
level of the exhibition, except
that I see a cowboy in one of
them, a shark in another.
But other than that, there.
There are definitely some
family.
Portraits on that level.
Whereas the level just below it.
There are more individual
portraits, even a portrait of
someone in jail.
I don't think you'd really want
your portrait if you're in jail,
but there you go.
And someone with a bizarre
mustache and the on the lower
exhibit wall and it looks like a
monk in a red hooded.
Robe.
Hung under, perhaps a wolf?
{It's a little bit fuzzy, Megan.
I like the clarity on this one
is not so good.
Oh yeah, that's yeah, you're
good. You're doing.
You're right. OK. Good.
Yep.}
People are just squeezed in here
and there's a lot going on on
the lowest level, a lot of
activity.
There's a palm tree on almost
every one of these complex
scenes. Here's the palm tree
here.
I don't know why there's a palm
tree.
People in very exotic costumes.
Like I said, from every culture
imaginable. #END_exhibit_12
Yep. Yep. OK, perfect.
Please.
OK, next we have another.
Short story.
OK, this one's only two slides.
So let me know when you want me
to move on.
OK.
OK, so.
#START_arrival_3 We're seeing
more city scenes here and.
Looks like he might be a
newspaper carrier, young guy
with a.
Pork Pie hat, a pork pie, one of
those visor caps, and he's
carrying a sign upside down. I
don't know why. And he has more
of those signs under his arm.
There's a woman with a very
exotic cat. The animals in this
in the story are phenomenal. And
then below that.
Yeah, it was a little a steaming
pushcart. My Oh yeah, it looks
like he's serving tea.
And he also has a a companion
animal who's quite unique.
A couple storing huge eggs. Like
dinosaur eggs. It looks like
they're for sale.
It's a marketplace. There's a
Barber.
Your snails passing through town
like very exotic animals and
more.
Of those fantastic musical
instruments looks like this.
City has a lot of music being
played at any given time.
The women sitting, one's
hugging, a rabbit, one's
knitting. I think once a man or
a woman is describing what
they're seeing in a book.
And the dad, who's still
traveling and has a suitcase, is
trying to figure out where he
is.
Yep.
OK, here he is. He's just.
grabbed a bird, maybe that he's
holding in his hand, I can't
quite see.
He's looking up above him.
He's he's not knowing where he
is or where he should be going.
There are strange lights that
star kind of.
Lights that are falling all
around him.
And then a wind blows those
lights and his hat off his head.
Luckily he retrieves his hat.
And appears there's a map on the
ground.
Under where his his head is
falling. He starts paying
attention to that map and.
Using a book that he has is
trying to find his way. I'm
judging.
He meets an exotic man.
And they're having a
conversation.
Perfect. So they don't share a
language. So the dad, the
husband, the dad is drawing a
bed and lets this fellow know
he's looking for a room for the
night.
And the fellow says follow him.
So he does, even though there's
a very unusual animal in his
backpack and that fellow's
backpack. #END_arrival_3
OK.
Let me see what we have.
OK, Next is a complex scene.
OK.
Ohh, when you're ready you could
start to describe this scene.
#START_airport OK, this is an
airport, and there are a variety
of planes.
Loaded and a few in the air.
There are planes from every era,
there's a dirigible. That's what
they call them. There's a a
balloon, one of those, you know.
Flying balloons.
There's what looks like the
Concorde, one of the most
advanced airplanes ever flying
above, and I can see the air
control tower.
Oh, this is another Waldo.
Seizing.
There are the vehicles that take
passengers to the airplanes to
load them in, and there is a
rather large airplane.
It's landed and everyone's
exiting.
And the luggage is being pulled
out by the, by the, by the, the
staff.
There are people all over the
airplane climbing on top.
There's a large.
Case coming out of the back.
That's probably the food.
The case being unloaded so they
can fill it up and get it ready
for the next one. So yeah, very
busy airport.
Everything's being transported.
People know what they're doing.
But there's a lot going on in
every sector.
And then down below.
What it looks like here, but
it's the.
The interior of the airport and
the the the desks and so forth.
And everyone's getting their
tickets. People are arriving.
They're putting their.
Ohh yeah the ohh that's the
their
The baggage claim is there.
And all the different airport
desks are there. So Yep, an
airplane has arrived and I'm
sure people are going to be
exiting the airport.
One of the most unusual airports
I've ever seen.
Yeah, something something crazy
going on in the middle there. Oh
look, there's a fire.
Hose being.
There's some crazy activity
going on. I didn't see it first.
And there's a fire engine coming
and spraying people.
I can't even imagine why.
Unless this is smoke in the
foreground, I guess there is.
Yeah, the baggage handlers are
all gathered in front right
here, and they're smoking while
they.
They're on their break and
maybe.
That's why the fire truck's been
called.
Hard to tell because it's.
A little bit fuzzy.
The police are busy over here
too.
Someone's fallen out of one
plane. Oh good Lord.
There is a fair amount of chaos.
Oh yeah, good Lord. People get
run over by the bus or knocked
over by the bus.
There's a biplane to the right
of the bus, right out of the
First World War. Or they are the
Wright brothers, or villain,
what's his name, Wright...? And
it's showing the.
Ace of Spades on it. I have no
idea why.
Yeah, there's a lot of chaos
here. #END_airport
You also haven't seen Waldo yet.
Perfect.
See what I have next?
OK, next I have another complex
scene.
OK.
When you're ready. Ohh yeah
there you go. When you're ready,
describe this scene.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
It says dinosaurs, spacemen, and
ghouls.
Wow, what a combination.
So.
Dinosaurs, spacemen, and ah!
There are the dinosaurs. So
they're in the upper left hand
area and they're on the planet
when it was still very
primitive. Beautiful,
You know, like early Earth is
what I'm guessing that this is
taking place on Earth and there
are dinosaurs of all types.
I don't know dinosaur names
because girls didn't tend to
remember their names. Boys were
really into dinosaurs growing
up.
I know brontosaurus and
stegosaurus, and that's about
it, but it looks like there's
one of almost every kind of
dinosaur here.
And then some.
Group of of Green Gumby
characters.
And the cavemen. The cavemen who
would have been living at the
same time as the dinosaurs, all
in that upper left area.
Looks like a couple of Cavemen
are getting exploded out of a
volcano.
So it's dinosaur, spaceman and
then if you travel.
Right from the dinosaur Caveman
area. That's where this spacemen
and the flying saucers are all
concentrated.
There are a lot of spacemen who
are orbiting or traveling space
on their own without a without
any kind of a space capsule,
which is kind of risky business.
And oh, they're being suspended.
So this is more of a play. Those
spacemen and space women are
being suspended from the
scaffolding behind the scenes.
So basically this is a play of
dinosaur spacemen and ghouls.
Interestingly.
I don't see a separate ghoul.
Stage setting. They're kind of
interspersed here and there.
They're green ghouls, blue three
or four of them, beneath the
dinosaurs.
And there are.
I saw the ghouls somewhere. Darn
it, yeah, there are some green,
some more green ghouls in the
lower center.
In the area of the Dairy Queen
ice cream cone, there's a tree
ghoul.
Near there too, there's some
very big lights, so it looks as
though.
They've got
Movie being made in the lower
center.
Ghost movie The Ghouls are in
there.
And they have this
cinematography.
Lights.
Lighting the whole action
sequences there. And Oh yeah,
there's more ghouls, there's
some.
Men wrapped up in bandages. That
kind of a ghoul classic.
And as usual, it's just
chockablock so stuffed with
people. I don't know how
anybody's making sense of
things, but Oh yeah, there are
lights suspended all over. So
this is a movie set and a movie,
apparently. I haven't read the
description, but it looks as
though there was a movie being
made. Oh, and there's the time
clicker.
The cut action kind of thing
here. So it's a movie being made
about dinosaurs, spacemen and
ghouls.
OK.
Movie set.
Should have said.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
The next one is another complex
scene.
He.
Uh, yeah, I'm just double
checking.
OK, I'm gonna share my screen.
OK, same thing as before. It's a
complex scene. Yep.
OK.
#START_being_a_pirate All right.
This is a great one. It's
pirates. {And, and I don't know
if I told you, Megan, but I live
right near Casco Bay and
Portland. ME. OK, so this kind
of thing was taking place just a
half a mile from here in the
back in the 1600s and 1700s, for
sure, I say.} And there's just
it almost looks like Johnny
Depp's care Pirates of the
Caribbean here.
It's a pirate
Pirate Mania, one very big ship
and then smaller ships and
they're there, those beautiful
old sailing ships. And they're
not underway right now because
their sails are all wrapped up
and stowed.
And well.
Looks as though there's, yep,
there's some pirate warfare
going on. There are smaller
boats trying to invade the
larger boat, and they're firing
on it.
To try to subdue everyone on
there. There are sailors,
whether they're pirates or or
not. There's sailors and all
levels of the boat, right up to
the.
The what do they call those
things up there in the?
I forget. Up there in the
rafters there's lots of small
row boats full of pirates off to
do no good.
I can see an octopus getting in
on the action and then on the
shore.
Many pa palm trees, so palm
trees showing up again. I've
been seeing them all night long.
Lot of.
A lot of telescopes, those
single telescopes.
And muskets and oars.
Some of the oldest gear known to
man being used.
Yep.
Pirate flags hither and sither.
I'm not seeing any.
Pirate.
Treasure. You know how they're
always after treasure? Not
seeing any treasure chests
anywhere, so they're they're
probably stashed in that larger
boat and that's why there's so
much activity around it. They're
trying to get to the treasure
chest and take them ashore, fill
them from themselves, what it
looks like.
Being a pirate shiver me
Timbers. #END_being_a_pirate
Yeah.
Usually.
My eyes are getting tired.
Also, I think this is a good
place.
Let's just stop for today. Here,
let me stop the recording.